hello guys and welcome to my channel I
want you to imagine this situation when
you're applying to a foreign university
or applying for a job or maybe dreaming
to day that girl or whatever emigrate in
a new country and then you think I'm
probably not worth it and you think that
other people who are actually in that
university of working in that company
they're so different from you they have
this amazing education or they have this
amazing parents who helped them get
whatever they've gone in their lives
basically I had the same feeling I want
to tell you my story when I was applying
to those American universities who gave
me full financial assistance and I was
really scared to apply to the top
universities although my GPA in Russia
that's where I'm from was high and I was
like ah but nobody cares about me those
guys in America they're so talented and
they're so different and why should I
apply to Stanford or Harvard they
wouldn't even consider me because I'm
different because they wouldn't be able
to assess my success in Russia because
basically doesn't mean anything for them
and so I didn't I didn't apply to those
universities and I should tell you that
I later regretted it so basically now I
would never know whether they would have
accepted me or not like I've always had
this problem with believing in myself
and I'm very thankful to my parents who
always told me like here are the best
you're the best you're going to do that
but I've only thought with it especially
when I met Americans it's not just about
you know Americans but I think people
from the States are the best marketers
ever they can market themselves like no
one else in the world they would be able
to highlight their success and to
present their failure as a win and I
actually met this company
they are all the company was founded by
American guys and they received
investment from an accelerator and they
like flying private jets to fundraise in
different parts of the world and they
were like showing off how well they
doing they haven't actually had a
product but they said they're gonna
launch it like next week and then the
next thing and the next week they would
say they're going to launch it next week
but they presented themselves so well
and isn't wow this company is amazing I
don't know what they're doing but
they're doing the presentations there
are pictures they're doing that so well
so I'm not even going to compete with
them but later when they raised a lot of
money yes they didn't because as I said
they're good sellers they hired like 20
people they shut down the shop in three
months they were broke because they
haven't had any products yes they were
good sellers and this is what I'm
telling you guys like if you see
somebody bragging about their success
maybe if you learn them a little better
you would realize you're actually doing
much better than they are um and like
when I'm talking to people sometimes
here in San Francisco they would say so
many awesome things about their startup
but if you continue talking to them like
three or four weeks you would realize
their app or their product their
building it's only working they think
they just have this idea of it working
and it happens everywhere the purpose of
this video is to make you believe in
yourself what we like Russians and other
nations I think that is believing in
yourself because for example if your
country used to be communist like mine
or you have this culture when if your
father worked for some particular
company then you would work for this
particular company and any deviation
would be seen as a failure so when I
tried to start my own company my
grandparents didn't really understand
what I was doing because
entrepreneurship in Soviet countries was
equal to crime because people thought
that entrepreneurs actually um you know
steal other people's money because they
buy cheaper routes and they salad for
high prices
for high prices it was kind of
non-standard baths because many people
would do when their parents used to do
like go to work for the same company and
everybody would tell me like hey are you
sure you want to do that and my friends
would be like that are you sure you
don't want to go and work for a bank
and so just make sure you're doing what
your heart tells you to I know this
sounds so cliche or whatever I don't
know the exact word for that but don't
think that you're worse than others
don't think that you should do what
others tell you to do because you would
never be in the place where you want to
be and it's always important to shoot
higher there's another story from my
life when we were building this startup
linguae trip my founder would always
tell me hey we're going to be the
biggest company in the industry we're
going to raise from the best investors
in the world and I was like why did you
think so because you see I still have
the Soviets I still have it and I
thought well what what are we here in
America compared to other American
people building startups they are from
here they have education from Stanford
why would the best investors ever invest
in us and he was like no we should try
we should do that and we should really
high so we shot for investors who
investor invested in Facebook and Apple
and we were just writing emails to them
and I was surprised like some people
even replied but of course they weren't
serious so they didn't want to invest
because they didn't know us we were back
in Russia you know but because we shot
so high we were actually able to get
higher than our expectations so we kind
of expected to raise this amount of
money from this investors but we hope
that we might raise from these investors
and we ended up raising from these
investors so actually high what we
expected and this applies to everything
in our life so if you're thinking of
getting and this particular university
like you think you're a good fit go on
and try some universities that are a
little
level or if you want to get that job try
to apply for a little more complicated
more will paying job because if you
should hire you would get a little
higher than you expect so yeah basically
as I said we were able to raise from the
investors and we were able to get this
company into the states but again I had
my doubts and I'm very happy that I had
a co-founder who actually believed and I
want you guys to be like my co-founder
believing in yourself and shooting
higher and not buying those stories from
people who are bragging about themselves
because actually people who are really
successful they don't go and brag around
showing off how they sold that company
about a lot and don't get intimidated by
that
just be yourself believe in yourself and
I like to think that I should try like I
just have one life if I don't try I
would never know if I would get in if I
don't get in it's okay like my life
doesn't in here because if we're talking
about universities you still apply and
not to just one you're blind to six or
five which is the best number of
universities to apply in one round and
this is not the last job you're getting
if you failed you in the interview it's
okay but you would just have this
experience and you would know what it
feels like to view of that level you
will see those people and maybe when you
meet them as I said I had this amazing
uh well weird feeling about people who
study in Stanford because I thought they
are some geniuses they're from Mars
so you kind of become like those people
but whenever those people I realized
they just you know they're smart they're
nice they're ordinary they just like us
basically they just people who believed
in their dreams who shot higher and
we're a little lucky of course but luck
comes to those who work a lot I hope
this video motivates you guys to reach
higher than you expect and let me know
what you think about this topic have you
ever had this view
that you know worth it and you will
never get what you want and I hope it
you know helps you to make this first
step towards your dream and believe in
yourself
and let this video be a kickin BS if you
liked it please put a like share this
video with your friends and please
subscribe to my channel thank you so
much for watching this video and I had
this puppy sleeping next to me today
while shooting this video if you wanted
to say bye bye bye bye guys believe in
yourself yes